remove navigation phrase (#457)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/create-instance.adoc

> To create a *Free* instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new instance:
```

> . Select *New Instance*.
> . Copy and store the instance's *Username* and *password* or download the credentials as a `.txt` file.
> . Tick the confirmation checkbox, and select *Continue*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *New Instance*.
. Select your plan.
. Copy and store the instance's *password* or download the credentials as a `.txt` file.
Once you've noted or downloaded your credentials, the creation of your instance starts.
```
